### Job Description
TapNation - Redefining Mobile Gaming Excellence 🎮  Founded in 2019, TapNation is an innovative French company specializing in mobile game publishing. In the space of just five years, we have published over 50 games, accumulating more than a billion downloads worldwide. We rank among the world's top 15 mobile game publishers, a status achieved thanks to our approach combining creativity and technological optimization.  At TapNation, we value rapid growth, innovation and a dynamic multicultural environment. With a diverse team spread across several countries, we offer you the opportunity to work on projects that have a direct impact on the company's performance. Our values of adaptability and collaboration have enabled us to become one of France's most promising companies, recognized by French Tech 120 and voted "Champion of Growth" in 2024 by Les Echos.  When you join TapNation, you'll be joining a company with dynamic and ambitious atmosphere, where your ideas are valued.  We invest in the personal development of our employees and promote a balance between performance and well-being, certified by our Great Place to Work and Happy at Work labels. Whether you're passionate about mobile games or simply interested in a constantly evolving environment, TapNation is the place where you can bring your ambitions to life.  To continue our amazing mission, we are seeking an ambitious and results-driven Unity Developer (all types of contracts) to help our Game Development team 💪  Role Overview 👀  As a Unity Developer, you will mainly work on our games, reporting to our Lead Unity Developer ( Fabien ) and working closely with our Game Development team.   Your Main Missions:   Maintain game.Implement and update SDK.Add new feature to the game.Setup test.Publish on store.Resolve rejection and build issues.   Benefits :   May vary depending on the country  Competitive base salary.Remote policy: this position can be full remote. Les Nouveaux Bureaux offices in Paris 17e (including fitness room).Meal tickets: 15 tickets per month at 8.50€ per ticket with the Swile Card. (This means that when you're on vacation you still earn luncheon vouchers). Health Care Insurance: 50% covered for you with Alan.   Benefits If Freelancer :  Competitive fees.15 days paid time off per year.Remote policy: full remote.You can find us at Les Nouveaux Bureaux offices in Paris 17e (including fitness room) if you want to say hello.   Profile:  Deep Knowledge of Gaming Development & Programming.Deep Knowledge of Unity Development.Strong technical knowledge.Excellent Communication Skills.Adaptability in Fast-Paced Environments.A strong sense of team spirit.English native or fluent.   TapNation is an equal-opportunity employer 🫶 Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law .   If you're intrigued by the job offer, we encourage you to apply without hesitation, even if you don't meet all the criteria!
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.6990
