### Job Description
About Activated Insights (formerly HCP)  Founded in 2008, Activated Insights enhances patient outcomes through top-tier online training for post-acute and residential living providers. Today, with over 250 team members, 3, 200+ clients, and an impact on over 1 million patients' lives, our products focus on employee engagement, ongoing education, satisfaction surveys, and reputation management tools.  What Sets Activated Insights Apart  We are at the heart of the healthcare industry's most dynamic sector, with an ever-growing demand for post-acute care.Our bond with healthcare providers draws compassionate, service-driven team members, fostering a spirited, collaborative culture. Backed by the seasoned Cressey & Company, we are flourishing and poised for aggressive growth over the next five years.   Position Overview  We are seeking a self-motivated Senior Full-stack Software Engineer to join our remote engineering team. This opportunity is for someone who has experience with Python/Django and wants to be part of a small, hardworking team where everyone is invested and cares about doing well by doing good. The role involves building new features and maintaining an existing product.  Key Responsibilities  Develop full-stack web applications with Python and TypeScript (mostly) with understandable and well-tested code. Evolve our applications by promoting simplicity and working software while constantly refactoring towards a clean codebase that is easy to work with. Promote iterative development using best practices such as feature toggles, CI/CD, test automation, logging, and monitoring to ensure confidence in our release process. Contribute to building a culture of learning, respect, transparency, and trust. Engage in technical discussions during architecture meetings, code reviews, and design docs to promote a culture of learning and constant improvement. Perform pull request reviews and provide constructive feedback to other engineers. Attend daily stand-ups and collaborate closely with other engineers, product, and design. Work on a modern tech stack in a small team where you’ll be able to learn a lot and have a significant impact.   Qualifications  5+ years of full stack experience using a Web Framework (e.g., Rails, Node, Django). Significant experience using a front-end framework like React or Vue. Strong understanding and commitment to testing, CI/CD, and writing clean, easy-to-maintain code. Ability to balance a focus on output and business-needs while maintaining code quality. Passion for software development – you do this because you love it. Enjoy working in a small team startup environment where hard work and fast progress can provide a big personal impact. Excellent communication and teamwork skills and able to thrive when working remotely. Residency in the US with availability to work hours overlapping with 9-5 pm US/Mountain time.   About The Team  You’ll be joining a small but mighty remote engineering team spread across the US. We have a flat structure and do continuous deployment where each engineer deploys their work to production at any time and is responsible for what they deploy. While we move quickly and focus on outcomes, we invest in PR review as a process, believe in TDD, and care about quality code and following best practices. Our core stack includes Python, Django, GraphQL, React, TypeScript, Postgres, AWS, and Kubernetes.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.7068
