### Job Description
Are you a dedicated Data Engineer eager to make a significant impact? Our client is seeking a talented individual to join their dynamic team. Ready to be part of an amazing culture? Apply today! If you specialize in Azure, Leadership, and python, we’d love to hear from you! About Golden TechnologyGolden Technology was founded in 1997 with a vision to develop people and drive innovation. We pair world-class technologists with companies doing impactful work. With our unique recruiting engine, we deliver top-tier talent to Fortune 500 clients across the US. Our culture is built around family, helping people succeed both professionally and personally, and improving the communities we work, live, and play in through our Golden Community initiatives.  Job DescriptionWe are seeking a Sr. Data Engineer who need to join our dynamic and fast-paced team. The ideal candidate should excel in Development or pipeline, orchestrating data, resolving connection issue, Solve production issues, Guide Team members. The successful candidate will play a critical role in leading the development and design of Supply Chain Data Engineering solutions, maintaining high standards of code quality, and reducing technical debt and vulnerabilities across the project. The ideal candidate should be able to work in shared service team and work in multiple initiatives parallelly. Required Skills:Technical skill:- Python, PySpark, ADF, SQL, ADLS, Microsoft Azure, Azure Databricks, Azure Synapse.GitHub Actions: Familiarity with setting up and managing CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions, ensuring smooth and automated deployment processes.Agile Methodology: Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment, with a focus on iterative development, continuous feedback, and delivery. Qualifications:Experience: Proven experience in a similar role, with a strong track record as Sr. Data Engineer and has helped/lead development teams in delivering high-quality data orchestration solutions with min 7+ years’ experience.Key Responsibilities• Development: - Working with varied data file formats (Avro, json, csv) using PySpark for ingesting and transformation, Terraform scripting and DevOps process.• Lead Development Initiatives: Develop code with FTR and of quality. Also to take ownership of different development initiatives, ensuring timely delivery while meeting or exceeding quality standards.• Code Quality and Maintenance: Oversee the maintenance of code quality and enforce best practices, including code reviews, unit testing, CICD, and adherence to coding standards.• Reduce Technical Debt: Identify, prioritize, and implement strategies to reduce technical debt and address vulnerabilities in the codebase.• Team Leadership: Provide mentorship and guidance to team members, fostering a collaborative, innovative, and high-performance environment.• Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams, including product management, Cloud Security, LOB, Network security, and DevOps, to integrate different features into broader solutions.• Problem Solving: Address and troubleshoot complex technical issues, providing solutions that enhance system performance and user experience.• Documentation: Ensure comprehensive documentation of systems, processes, and code to facilitate knowledge sharing and maintenance.• Stakeholder Communication: Communicate progress, challenges, and solutions to stakeholders, ensuring transparency and alignment with business objectives.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.6931
