### Job Description
Immediate need for a talented Software Engineer. This is a 12+months contract Possible Extension opportunity with long-term potential and is located in U.S(Remote). Please review the job description below and contact me ASAP if you are interested. Job ID:24-47923 Pay Range: $60 - $70/hour. Employee benefits include, but are not limited to, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), 401(k) plan, and paid sick leave (depending on work location). Key Requirements and Technology Experience: key Skills: React.JS, PHP/Hack, JavaScript.+5 years of Experience in PHP hack/Python, JavaScript, ReactNice-to-Have Skills: Background in AI 2, Former AWS development experienceDegrees/Certifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or relevant field required.Design, build, and maintain software components, following our software engineering processes to design, develop, document, review, test, inspect, and release code.Implement the frontend (in React) and backend (in PHP or Python) of new features.Execute and complete tasks with minimal supervision applying your judgment and problem-solving skills.Attend project meetings and work as part of a project team to coordinate software development and determine project scope and limitations.Work as part of a project team to coordinate application development and determine project scope and limitations.Review project requests describing application user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish project. Our client is a leading Meta Industry, and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. Pyramid Consulting, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. By applying to our jobs you agree to receive calls, AI-generated calls, text messages, or emails from Pyramid Consulting, Inc. and its affiliates, and contracted partners. Frequency varies for text messages. Message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You can reply STOP to cancel and HELP for help. You can access our privacy policy here.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.2425
