### Job Description
Our client, is seeking a dedicated Python Software Engineer to join their team. This role is fully remote, with a preference for candidates comfortable working in Eastern Standard Time.  As a Python Software Engineer, you will be instrumental in creating and maintaining the web API backend for our client's digital products. Your work will involve implementing server-side business logic, managing production databases, and deploying microservices on the AWS cloud platform.  Key Responsibilities:  Deliver high-quality microservices to support our client's digital products Lead by example in creating self-documenting code and implementing standards for an accessible SDLC and development environment Migrate services from soon-to-be-retired Django backend applications Develop and operate the containerized hosting platform on AWS Participate in feature development discussions and assist with work prioritization Propose innovative ideas for small software shop development practices   Qualifications:  Extensive experience writing web APIs using FastAPI Familiarity with web security best practices Experience with Python ORM tools such as sqlmodel or sqlAlchemy with Postgres Proven track record of building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines in a cloud environment Ability to work during normal business hours in US Eastern Time Strong verbal and written communication skills in English   Desired Skills:  Experience developing Django applications Familiarity with secure application containerization using Docker Experience deploying containerized applications in Kubernetes Experience with application deployment in a cloud environment such as AWS   Candidates with a background in military service, collegiate athletics, or similar experiences are particularly encouraged to apply, as they may find a strong cultural fit within our client's team and mission.  Horizontal facilitates valuable and productive conversations between you and potential employers. We can assist you in growing your career by partnering you with employers that offer challenging assignments. For those that join the team, we offer competitive compensation and benefits including medical, dental, vision, and retirement. Check out all we have to offer and how you can become part of the Horizontal Talent Team. The pay range for this role is $81 - $92 per hour. This is not a guarantee of compensation, as final offer amount may vary based on factors including but not limited to experience and geographic location.  
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.2538
