### Job Description
Location: Hybrid / remote in: Woodland Hills, CA; New York, NY; Atlanta, GA; Dallas, TX; Chicago, IL; Vancouver, B.C.; Toronto, ON  Job Scope:   Panavision has an immediate opening for a .NET Software Developer to join our team, supporting initiatives for all lines of business. This is a high impact role with a leading Entertainment industry brand, and a passionate employee base across four continents. Come be part of the team that’s making a difference in the way filmed entertainment is made.  We are looking for someone with demonstratable .NET technical skills and experience, including C#, WinForms, ASP.NET, and SQL Server. In addition to .NET development, the ideal candidate will have worked with Microsoft’s Power Platform (primarily Power Apps and Power Automate) or is ready to learn and work with it.  While this is a technical role, the successful candidate must also be able to work directly with the business to understand needs and collaborate on requirements. The right fit candidate is someone who can take a project from the initial idea to working software. They need to have a get stuff done attitude towards delivery and a proven track record of designing, building and deploying custom software.  Key Responsibilities:   Fullstack design and development of enhancements to existing applications and interfaces Design, develop and deploy new Windows, Web and Mobile applications to solve business problems Design, develop and deploy RESTful APIs and web services Provide level of effort (LOE) estimates and timelines for development work Create, write and perform Unit Tests, Component Tests, and Scenario Tests Serve as the solution architect, technical lead, and principal developer on applications as needed Develop expertise in other technologies and platforms, such as Microsoft’s Power Platform, as needed to develop solutions to meet business needs Participate in team and project meetings Performs other related duties as assigned  Skills/Experience Required:   5+ years of experience developing custom software using C# and SQL Server Experience supporting and enhancing large complex custom C# / .NET based applications, ideally including WinForms applications Experience developing and deploying ASP.NET based web applications Experience developing system interfaces utilizing RESTful APIs Experience using Source Code Management tools, such as TFS (preferred), Git or Subversion Ability to effectively work directly with business stakeholders to understand business requirements and ensure technical solutions meet business needs Excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Additional Skills/Experience Desired:   Experience supporting custom applications deployed and used in multiple countries Experience with Power Apps and/or Power Automate Experience developing SQL Server SSRS, SSIS and/or SSAS solutions Experience as a member of a team using Agile Scrum Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience  Work Environment and Physical Demands:  This job operates in a professional office environment. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands and reach with hands and arms. The employee may also be required to lift product or equipment weighing up to 50 lbs.  Position Type/Expected Hours of Work/Travel:  This position works standard business hours but may require long hours and some weekend work. Some out-of-state / province / country and overnight travel may be expected.  This job currently adopted a hybrid work-from-home policy, which is subject to review and potential change from time to time.  Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.  Salary Range:  US: $98, 000 - $130, 000 / CDN: $72, 000 - $130, 000  Salary ranges vary based on location, experience, and skills of qualified candidates.  It is the policy of Panavision to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable Employment Standards Act.  Powered by JazzHR  CJpSMlNjmU
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.7036
