### Job Description
POSITION: 100% Remote Golang DeveloperPAY RATE: $63.33 per hour W2 (~$132, 000 per year)LOCATION: 100% Remote!DURATION: 1-2 Year Contract (+ Extensions / Long-Term / Chance for Conversion) REQUIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:3-5+ years of overall professional Software Development experience.1-2+ years of professional Go (Golang) programming experience.Advanced skills building and implementing Rest APIs in Golang.Experience with Microservices.Experience developing within cloud environments.CI/CD and DevOps experience. NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS(PLUS):Google Cloud Platform (GCP) experience.Google Bigtable and/or Spanner.Kubernetes, Kafka, Docker, Jenkins, GitLab or similar tools.Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. SUMMARY:Fortune 500 client in the Financial Services/FinTech sector is looking to hire a 100% Remote Golang Developer to join their growing team! The Go Developer will be joining an innovative/collaborative team responsible for developing custom/modern applications and products for large loyalty and rewards clients. This team develops full-scope customer-centric web applications using modern and emerging technology stacks within Golang, and supports a key revenue-driving and highly visible microservices-cloud-based platform. To be successful in this role, the engineer should be skilled in Golang programming, API development and cloud environments.  Compensation:$63.33/hr Exact compensation may vary based on several factors, including skills, experience, and education. Benefit packages for this role will start on the 31st day of employment and include medical, dental, and vision insurance, as well as HSA, FSA, and DCFSA account options, and 401k retirement account access with employer matching. Employees in this role are also entitled to paid sick leave and/or other paid time off as provided by applicable law.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.7062
