### Job Description
The main function of a software engineer is to apply the principles of computer science and mathematical analysis to the design, development, testing, and evaluation of the software and systems that make computers work. A typical software engineer researches, designs, develops and tests operating systems-level software, compilers, and network distribution software for medical, industrial, military, communications, aerospace, business, scientific and general computing applications. Conducts research in design, development, testing and utilization of electronic data processing software. Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions   Job Responsibilities: • Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. • Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. • Ensures software standards are met. Analyzes user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. • Confers with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. • Designs, develops and modifies software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcomes and consequences of design. • Coordinates software system installations and monitors equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met. • Modify existing databases and database management systems. • Write and code logical and physical database descriptions and specify identifiers of database to management system or direct others in coding descriptions. • Work as part of a project team to coordinate database development and determine project scope and limitations. • Review project requests describing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish project.  Skills: • Career level with a complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories and concepts. Working under only general direction, provides technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. • Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills. • Ability to work independently and manage one’s time. • Basic mentoring skills necessary to provide support and constructive performance feedback. • Knowledge of the full software development lifecycle: from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development, testing and delivery. • Ability to troubleshoot issues and make system changes as needed to resolve issue. • Knowledge of computer hardware and software. • Knowledge of computer development software as it relates to systems, such as SQL, VisualBasic, etc.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.6960
