### Job Description
Who is Blueprint?  We are a technology solutions firm headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, with a strong presence across the United States. Unified by a shared passion for solving complicated problems, our people are our greatest asset. We use technology as a tool to bridge the gap between strategy and execution, powered by the knowledge, skills, and the expertise of our teams, who all have unique perspectives and years of experience across multiple industries. We're bold, smart, agile, and fun.  What does Blueprint do?  Blueprint helps organizations unlock value from existing assets by leveraging cutting-edge technology to create additional revenue streams and new lines of business. We connect strategy, business solutions, products, and services to transform and grow companies.  Why Blueprint?  At Blueprint, we believe in the power of possibility and are passionate about bringing it to life. Whether you join our bustling product division, our multifaceted services team or you want to grow your career, your ability to make an impact is amplified when you join one of our teams. You'll focus on solving unique business problems while gaining hands-on experience with the world's best technology. We believe in unique perspectives and build teams of people with diverse skillsets and backgrounds. At Blueprint, you'll have the opportunity to work with multiple clients and teams, such as data science and product development, all while learning, growing, and developing new solutions. We guarantee you won't find a better place to work and thrive than at Blueprint.  We are looking for a Jr. Software Development Engineer to join us as we build cutting-edge technology solutions! This is your opportunity to be part of a team that is committed to delivering best-in-class service to our customers.  In this role you will contribute to the development, deployment, and maintenance of our Azure-based reinforcement learning loop project. The ideal candidate will have experience with Azure deployment, CICD processes, and C#/app development/debugging. They will play a crucial role in packaging components, ensuring compliance, automating processes, and providing documentation for seamless project integration.  Responsibilities:  Package the reinforcement learning loop component in a Docker image or similar mechanism. Publish the packaged component to a public container registry like Azure Container Registry. Ensure compliance with internal release tracker process and certification for public release.Publish Bicep scripts to create related resources for deploying the image in Azure subscriptions. Open-source the repository for the component following Microsoft's open-source process. Create comprehensive documentation for easy project consumption. Perform system runs, conduct sanity checks, performance tests, and troubleshoot issues.   Qualifications:  Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or a relevant field required. Minimum of 2 years of experience in software development and deployment. Verbal and written communication skills, problem-solving skills, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Ability to work independently and manage time effectively. Package C# components, build container images, and automate related processes. Basic troubleshooting skills and the ability to make system changes to resolve issues. Basic knowledge of computer hardware and software. Proficiency in C#, Docker, CI/CD, Azure services (EventHub, Storage, AKS), and Azure deployment tools (Bicep, ARM, identity).  Preferred Qualifications:  Familiarity with Bicep scripting language.   Salary Range  Pay ranges vary based on multiple factors including, without limitation, skill sets, education, responsibilities, experience, and geographical market. The pay range for this position reflects geographic based ranges for Washington state: $80, 000 - $87, 000 USD/annually. The salary/wage and job title for this opening will be based on the selected candidate's qualifications and experience and may be outside this range.  Equal Opportunity Employer  Blueprint Technologies, LLC is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, orientation, veteran/military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital, or familial status, genetic information, citizenship, or any other status protected by law.  If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process, please reach out to: recruiting@bpcs.com  Blueprint believes in the importance of a healthy and happy team, which is why our comprehensive benefits package includes:  Medical, dental, and vision coverage Flexible Spending Account 401k program Competitive PTO offerings Parental Leave Opportunities for professional growth and development   Location: Remote
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.6985
