### Job Description
Job Description:  Metro Public Adjustment is looking for people who are interested in helping homeowners receive the maximum amount they are entitled from their insurance claim. Join Metro, a renowned and trusted 30 year old business to take charge of your future.  Position Details:  Reliable Training – No prior experience in public adjusting is required. We provide ongoing training and development opportunities to ensure that you will have the skills and knowledge needed to succeed.  Flexible Schedule and Location – Our property inspectors have the opportunity to set their own schedule. This can be worked as a part-time or full-time position, and can be done either in-person or remotely.  Responsibilities:  Conduct a virtual or in person walk-through inspection of the property to identify damage that may be covered under insurance  Utilize skills to drive business growth and success.  Interpreting insurance policies  Provide exceptional customer service and address clients' needs.  Fill out paper work, as needed, to process claims  Who would do well:  We welcome applicants who have a positive attitude and enjoy working with people. This position is a great fit for people who are looking to work around their busy schedule.  If you think you would be a great fit for our team, click Apply to seize this opportunity and shape your own future You will receive a link to schedule an informative interview session.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.7049
