### Job Description
Overview  Alphanumeric is hiring a BACKEND ENGINEER with Python to work in the Boston/Cambridge, MA area with our client of 20 years committed to improving lives through medical and pharmaceutical advancements. This can be 100% remote or hybrid (flexible depending on location of the candidate).  Job Conditions   Position Title: Backend Engineer Duration: Through June 2nd, 2025 (potential for extension). 100% Remote or Hybrid - Boston (flexible depending on location of the candidate) Payment: between 100-119 USD (gross per hour) according to the candidate's experience Must be able to work on a W2 ASC. Please be advised that we don´t sponsor visa workers.  Key Responsibilities   Back end development for a Python web application. Integration of AI/ML components with frontend, data and compute infrastructure. Scale up of web application using cloud infrastructure. Responsible for high quality software implementations according to best practices, including automated test suites and documentation. Develop, measure, and monitor key metrics for all tools and services and consistently seek to iterate on and improve them. Participate in code reviews, continuously improving personal standards as well as the wider team and product. Liaise with other technical staff and data engineers in the team and across allied teams, to build an end-to-end pipeline consuming other data products.  Qualifications   Bachelor's degree in a relevant field (including computational, numerate or life sciences), or equivalent experience. Cloud experience (e.g. Google Cloud and Cloud Run preferred) including core web application infrastructure. Intermediate to advanced skills in Python. Unit testing experience (e.g. pytest). Knowledge of agile practices and able to perform in agile software development environments. Strong knowledge of modern software development tools / ways of working (e.g. git/GitHub, DevOps tools for deployment) – should be able to show practice of commit early and deploy often.  Preferred Qualifications   Demonstrated experience of Python backend development (e.g. using FastAPI). Knowledge of AI/ML approaches and deployment of AI/ML powered applications. Experience with Docker or containerized applications, especially architecture of multi-container applications. Experience with Kubernetes or job scheduling systems would be a significant advantage.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.2553
