### Job Description
Legacy Restoration is the leader in residential home exterior renovation, offering a complete line of roofing, siding, windows, gutters and installation services. Our purpose, built on the foundation of our core values, is to improve the quality of life for our employees and customers through the pursuit of excellence. We offer career advancement, growth and leadership development opportunities. We are active members of the communities we serve through actively giving back and participating in volunteer activities.  The primary role of the Supplement Specialist is creating & negotiating insurance supplements. Responsibilities include reviewing supplement requests, reviewing adjuster meetings and colors meeting documentation, drafting of Xactimate estimates, negotiation of claims settlement for proper scope and pricing & financial reconciliation according to Legacy standards. Supplement specialists are also responsible for all pertinent communication with insurance companies, sales, production, customers, and any other parties needed to get the job done.  Responsibilities  Provide the highest level of service possible to each customer, and salespeople as needed throughout the supplement processMaintain regular and consistent, professional communication and updates with all customers and/or salespeople as neededReview supplement request & all documentation providedFormulate appropriate supplement items, and write an Xactimate estimateEnsure all supplement estimates are accurate and thorough before they are sent to Insurance CompaniesMaintaining accurate records for all supplements, according to direction providedPrepare data for pay requests and submit it in a timely fashion as directedOversee and manage the workflow with Project Coordination, Sales, and production for all assigned supplementsAttend required company and Sales Department meetings and trainingAdhere to all company standards, including all company policies and standard operating proceduresOperate with Legacy Core Values with all customers and Legacy teammates on a day to day basis   Requirements  Must Haves:  5+ years of Residential Restoration Xactimate experience5+ years negotiating residential insurance claims1+ Year of Residential Exterior Restoration / Construction Experience or EquivalentDetailed oriented   We take great pride in delivering a 5 Star customer experience, quality workmanship for our customers and upholding anoutstanding work environment for our employees.  The atmosphere at Legacy nurtures a culture of excellence, accountability, professionalism and continued growth and improvement. Giving back to the communities we serve is a vital component of our core values; we frequently volunteer as a group and enjoy team building activities that focus on personal development and bettering the lives of employees, customersand our communities.   We offer a base salary/draw of $65, 000 - $75, 000 plus commissions.  Our Supplementers are typically making $100, 000+ in total compensation per year.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.6994
