### Job Description
About UsDarwill is a third-generation, family-owned performance-based marketing powerhouse based in the western suburbs of Chicago, IL. Since 1951, we’ve been impressing clients of all sizes and industries with our proven direct marketing solutions. What’s our secret sauce? We're not just a one-solution marketing company; we're a full-service, dedicated partner! From omnichannel strategies to eye-opening data insights, response-inducing creative, seamless production, and sophisticated reporting tools – we've got it all! Our Mission: To empower national and local businesses through performance-based marketing by executing complex location-based data-driven campaigns, leading to increased sales, sustainability, and an improved return on investment. At Darwill, we don't just build marketing campaigns; we create a culture of success and positivity! We value respect, collaboration, empowerment, and giving back to the community. We're a team of spirited individuals working together to redefine client success. Apply now, and let's embark on a thrilling adventure together! Your next chapter begins at Darwill. Responsibilities: Leverage the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to design and implement innovative data solutions, including lakehouse architectures built that enable seamless data access and advanced analytics.Utilize SQL, Python, and PySpark to extract, transform, and integrate diverse customer & vendor data, ensuring data integrity and consistency.Create ETL/ELT pipelines to clean, prepare, and ingest data for comprehensive and scalable analysis.Collaborate with data scientists to develop, deploy, and optimize machine learning models in a production environment.Develop targeted prospect lists based on advanced segmentation and profiling techniques.Partner with account managers and executives to integrate data-driven insights into impactful marketing strategies.Work closely with DE team to identify and integrate available data sources, develop ELT processes to meet evolving client needs.Prepare and present data-driven reports to stakeholders, effectively communicating key findings and recommendations.Stay at the forefront of the industry by continuously learning and applying the latest data analysis techniques, tools, and best practices. Qualifications: Databricks Data Analyst Associate certification.Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Business Intelligence, or a related field.3+ years of hands-on experience in data analysis or business intelligence, with strong proficiency in SQL and Python for data manipulation and analysis.Proven experience in developing interactive dashboards using Tableau or Power BI.Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present complex data insights clearly.Ability to work independently and collaboratively within a team environment.Experience working with cloud data platforms and solutions such as AWS, Azure, GCP.Highly desirable, but not required to apply:Experience with machine learning and data mining techniques.Familiarity with CRM systems and marketing automation platforms.Experience in developing predictive models and forecasting.Proficiency in market segmentation techniques. Work Environment/Physical Demands: Occasionally, extended or evening hours may be needed to meet project deadlines or client needs.This job offers a hybrid work environment, with approximately 2 days per week in-office at our Oakbrook Terrace headquarters and the remainder remote from the Chicago area.
--------------------------------------------------
### Cosine Distance
0.7059
